Hey everybody, welcome back to Boost
Your Income With Bootstrap to WordPress.
You may not have recognized me
with my freshly shaved face.
This lecture is called Coding
the Testimonials Section.
[MUSIC]
What we're going to be doing now is
coding the Testimonials section right
here in our final static website.
You can see I have a Testimonials section.
Testimonials are highly effective in sales
pages if you're trying to sell a product,
or a digital product, or a course.
In my case a course, and
right here I'm highlighting some of my
featured testimonials from
some students of mine.
And I have a little graphic on the side.
In this case I have Brennan's actual face.
Here I just,
I'm hiding the identity of the people and
I'm just putting little avatars here,
cool little illustrative graphics.
And yeah, and
then I have a block quote and
then the cite when you
cite the quote itself.
All right, jump into to your code editor,
scroll down to your Testimonials section
and give this section the ID of kudos.
That's what I want to call that.
All right and
in there let's do a container class.
Now I want to show you
something here with Emmet,
the plug in that I talked
about a few lectures back.
It lets you speed up your coding by
just using short little keywords and
then using a keyboard
shortcut to expand that.
So, I can do this and
just say container and
it will give me a div with
the class of container like so.
But what if I want to go even further and
nest some additional divs or elements?
Well I can do that.
So right here,
I'm gonna add the greater than symbol and
then class of row, so that's gonna
give me a child of the class of row.
So now if I just do that and
expand it, check this out.
So I've got a container and a div
the class of row all within each other.
And you can keep going and
going with that.
It's almost endless what you could do.
But right now,
I'm just gonna need to use these two.
It saves me time and
then I can just do this, of course, call.
This one will be small 8 cuz I'm
gonna center it in the middle with
an 8 column grid and give it some offset.
Call small offset 2.
And in there,
I'm going to add a level two heading,
let's give some space and
say what people are saying about Brad.
And let's give a little
HTML commentary and
say testimonial cuz
we're gonna have a few.
And so I just wanna be able
to keep track of those so
I don't get too messy with my HTML.
And let's try something here.
I'm gonna give a div with
the class of row, but
also with the class of testimonial.
So using Emmet, if I just say .row and
.testimonial combined together,
expand that, there we go.
We've got a div with the class of row and
testimonial.
That's awesome.
And then within this,
I'm going to do a col-sm-4.
Make sure to close that up.
Image, I can use Emmet again to do that,
assets/img/Brennan.jpg.
And this will say Brennan.
There we go.
And then after our col-sm-4,
we need to add to 12 or
equal 12, so what is 12 minus 4?
8, col-sm-8.
And within there,
I'm going to add a block quote.
Boop.
There we go.
And I am just gonna copy and
paste this testimonial here.
I'm not sure I provided
testimonials in the copy deck,
however, all you could do here is just
add some gibberish or some lower ipsum.
My favorite is hipster ipsum.
Check out hipster ipsum.com and
you can copy and
paste some really interesting Ipsum text.
And then add a site tag
within the block quote.
And then I put an mdash, and then Brennan,
graduate of all of Brad's courses.
Brennan is awesome, he takes all of my
courses and he gives me shining reviews.
Thanks, Brennan,
if you're watching this video.
All right.
Now I'm gonna copy and paste this.
I'm gonna add another testimonial, and
let's change this one to Ben and
then the alt text will be
illustration of a man with a mustache
cuz that is pretty accurate.
I'm gonna add the block
quote along with the site.
Feel free to pause it and
type it all out or use some Bacon Ipsum,
Hipster Ipsum, Lauren Ipsum.
And the site, mdash Ben, graduate of build
a website from scratch with HTML and CSS.
And then I'm gonna paste another
testimonial under that one.
Change this one.
This one is AJ.
All text is illustration
of a man with a beard,
and then the block quote, right here.
I just wanna read this one
out cause this one's great.
Brad is amazing and
I honestly thing he's the best tutor of
all the courses I have taken on Udemy.
Will definitely be following
him in the future.
Thanks Brad.
AJ graduate of Code
a Responsive Website with Bootstrap 3.
Amazing.
Thanks AJ.
And then we're gonna add another
testimonial below there.
And that will be, instead of AJ,
that will be Ernest,
and the alt text for
that will be illustration,
cuz I can leave that,
of a man with a goatee.
And then, The text
will be, Boop.
And then the site will be Ernest,
a graduate of Code Dynamic
websites with PHP.
Save that.
And now check it out in your browser.
See what happens.
Okay, so, couple things.
So far it looks okay.
You can see a couple funny things here.
Obviously, I have a broken image so
I must have typed something wrong.
The block quotes aren't styled
the same as the final site.
You see this is italicized and
it has no left border.
Brennan is a square.
It needs to be a circle.
And you can see the site just is
clumped in with everything else, so
you can't really tell
that who said this quote.
There's a little bit
of a space right here.
And we didn't type that space.
And then we need some margin
in between all the quotes.
So let's fix those few things.
First, there's something here
in our HTML that I noticed.
When I was copying and pasting, the second
and third and fourth, so on and so
forth, testimonials, had the class
testimonial on the block quote.
We don't need that there,
because we already have the testimonial
class here on the parent.
So we don't actually need that here,
so if you copied that from me,
delete that cuz we don't need it.
We just need the block quote itself.
So remove those.
Just a little mistake on my part,
it's okay.
Clear them out,
make sure they're all gone.
If you left them by accident, it's totally
fine, but we just don't need them.
Let's go ahead and
fix that other image here.
So I believe Ben might
have been the issue.
So Ben should be Ben.png, not jpg.
That will fix that issue.
Let's check it out.
All right, there's Ben so we're all good.
So, let's do a few things here,
jump into CSS and
let's start by styling the kudos ID.
It'll be text-align center,
see what that does.
So it centers everything.
Really the only thing that we
need centered is just this title.
But we're just centering everything and
then we'll put these things,
these here back to
text-align left in a moment.
All right,
under kudos we need to style testimonial,
and that will be margin bottom 60.
We need some space in between them.
And those images,
testimonial image border radius 50% and
because we are trying to make sure
this is cross browser compatible,
we're gonna do webkit
border radius 50% and
moz border radius 50%.
Save it check it out.
There we go.
Now Brennan is a circle,
these guys are already circles so
it doesn't really mater.
But, it's covered just incase you were to
put different images in here that were
squares.
Saves you the time.
The reason why you'd wanna
do that CSS trick is because
instead of going in Photoshop and
cropping this into a circle, you could
just use CSS 3 to mask it for you.
It's awesome.
All right, let's continue.
Now let's scroll up to our global
section and we're going to style our
block quote,
because that's a type of graphic element.
We wanna style the block quote.
Let's put those block quotes here.
Just the end of our global.
We'll just keep tacking more stuff
here at the end of this CSS section.
So block quote.
We're gonna style our block quote.
We're gonna say padding zero, border none,
cuz we don't want that thick gray
border on the side, font style Italic.
Font, style, that's the problem Italic,
and text line left, that will fix that.
Now, we need to also style the cite.
Block quote cite tag.
Display blocks.
And now that'll jump it
down on its own line.
Color, let's put it triple seven.
And margin 15 pixels in the top and
nothing anywhere else just to separate
it from the block quote itself.
And there is one more
thing that we need to do.
Do you remember that little space on
the very first line of the block quote?
There was like a one space.
That's actually not in our text.
We didn't add a space.
What happens there,
is there is a before pseudo class that
gives some space to that section of
the block quote for some reason.
Just for an indentation or something, but
we can remove that just by selecting block
quote and in the pseudo class before.
So it looks like this.
Put a colon and then before and that just
styles kind of like an empty invisible
element before the block quote and
then display none.
So that removes the before
section all together.
Check it out.
There you go.
There is our testimonials.
There are our testimonials.
Better grammar.
All right, hang in there.
Next section we're actually going to
style and code our sign up section.
This really nice looking
paralex graphic background with
some nice leading text and
a nice big button.
See you there.
[MUSIC]